---
layout: post
title: "What I actually wrote to Cycling Weekly"
description: "I can see how the confusion came about:Hi Robert,Couldn't resist the temptation to share one of my own 'hard'/daft cycling exploits after reading your great article in this weeks Cycling Weekly. Last summer I was unlucky enough to be involved in a..."
date: Thu Apr 22 09:14:45 -0700 2010
comments: true
author: Adam
categories: []
---

I can see how the confusion came about:<p /><div><div style="color: rgb(136, 136, 136);">Hi Robert,<p /><div>Couldn&#39;t resist the temptation to share one of my own &#39;hard&#39;/daft cycling exploits after reading your great article in this weeks Cycling Weekly.</div> <p /><div>Last summer I was unlucky enough to be involved in a crash in a criterium at Mallory Park in Leicestershire that left me with a broken collar bone, along with a road rash on just about every corner and a Trek Madone 5.2 with a snapped top-tube.</div> <p /><div>I was soon to discover the the UK medical establishments response to this was to just wait and see even though I could feel that the two parts where never going to align sufficiently to heal. But hey what did I know.</div> <p /><div>My racing and triathlon seasons were over but I had enough time to be ready for the Autumn Epic if I healed in 6-8 weeks as the doctors kept telling me. </div><p /><div>As well as being one of the founders of Beeston Cycling Club (<a href="http://beeston.cc" target="_blank">http://beeston.cc</a>), formed in 2009, I&#39;m also a member, and current Chair, of the Barbarian Cycling Club. </div> <p /><div>We&#39;re a very exclusive band of gents who have a passion for the flair, style and courage of cycling. The Autumn Epic was THE event we were to ride together in 2009 so there was no way I was going to miss it.</div> <p /><div>Cut forward 8 weeks and a CT scan showed no evidence of healing and no indication it was going to, It also revealed that I had also broken a rib in the crash but I hadn&#39;t realised. Grrrrr. </div><p /><div>I was booked in for surgery, for the Monday morning after the Epic.</div><p /><div>So I rode it.</div><p /><div>It wasn&#39;t pretty. No hills defeated me but I only made Silver standard time. Couldn&#39;t get out of the saddle and the descents on the rough roads were pretty sketchy with not really being able to hold properly. </div> <p /><div>This picture taken at the top of the Glascwm climb (22%) pretty much captures how I was feeling for most of the 90+ miles: http://<div style="color: rgb(51, 51, 51); font-size: 13px; line-height: 18px;"><a href="http://files.me.com/adambird/gyiyuy" target="_blank" style="color: rgb(45, 98, 175) !important; text-decoration: underline;">files.me.com/adambird/gyiyuy</a></div></div> <p /><div>I got through far too many painkillers and in hindsight it probably wasn&#39;t clever. </div><p /><div>But hey, who ever said cycling was clever.</div><p /><div>Hope this is what you&#39;re looking for </div> <p /><div>Adam Bird</div><p /></div></div>