---
layout: post
title: "The perils of focus"
description: "Yesterday was to be the culmination of 9 months effort and training. From the moment i got back on the bike after having surgery to repair a broken collar bone, La Marmotte was my goal. Training for La Marmotte ended up consuming the whole of my t..."
date: 2010-07-04 00:00
comments: true
author: Adam
categories: []
---

Yesterday was to be the culmination of 9 months effort and training. From the moment i got back on the bike after having surgery to repair a broken collar bone, La Marmotte was my goal. <p /> Training for La Marmotte ended up consuming the whole of my training focus. After a winter battling through icy conditions to get the miles in, 3 hour turbo sessions and then a spring and early summer of more and more hills. A positive feedback loop ensued. I got faster up hill, enjoyed them more, did them more, got faster, etc. <p /> Racing, triathlon and time-trialing all played second fiddle to the pursuit of a decent time in the Alps. <p /> Despite a virus affecting my last couple of weeks taper, I arrived on the start line in Bourg d'Oisans yesterday feeling ready. This was borne out by the first ascent up to the Col du Glandon. It went really well. I felt strong, rode within myself, passed lots of people and felt stronger the further up I climbed. <p /> The descent from the Glandon was neutralised which meant timing stopped at the top and started again only when you reached the bottom. It's a dangerous descent upon which several riders have died over the years so this meant everyone could get down safely and start racing again when it was safer. <p /> Unfortunately not everyone seemed to understand this. <p /> My race was unceremoniously brought to end with a 40 mph crash as another rider decided to try and undertake my on a sweeping corner and clipped my handlebars with his thigh as he went through. <p /> La Marmotte had become all consuming and in an instant I was sat shaking and bleeding on the side of a mountain, soon to get Abandonée marked against my name. <p /> I'd let the training for the one event subsume me and the event had spat me out unceremoniously <p /> This was a taste of what Olympic athletes go through, except they have 4 years between events and they give up everything and rest everything on that one performance. <p /> It was a valuable lesson. Achievement is great if you achieve and while I am driven by achievement, pastimes should also give oneself a break from constant self-improvement. <p /> I'll be back next year, but it won't be my only focus.