---
layout: post
title: "Why @YoSushiNotts annoyed me today"
description: "Seems only fair that I explain what prompted my vitriolic tweet earlier. I decided to treat myself to Yo Sushi takeaway for lunch today. I wanted something quick and felt I deserved something nice and it's just round the corner from the office, pe..."
date: Fri Jun 11 06:47:22 -0700 2010
comments: true
author: Adam
categories: []
---

Seems only fair that I explain what prompted my vitriolic tweet earlier. <p /> I decided to treat myself to Yo Sushi takeaway for lunch today. I wanted something quick and felt I deserved something nice and it's just round the corner from the office, perfect. <p /> Got in there, ordered quickly and was told 5 mins. Brilliant. <p /> Oh-no. <p /> I asked if i should wait at the bar and was told that I had to sit on a bar stool next to the door. To be fair, the manager was kind enough to move the cleaners sign. <br />So there I sat shivering in the full blast of the above door air-conditioning like a second-class pariah because I wasn't eating in. <p /> Now imagine a different scenario where I'm invited to sit at the bar, where there was plenty of space. I could have been offered a drink, I could have felt a bit peckish and picked something of the belt. Suddenly my £11 takeaway becomes a £16+ purchase and I'm having a nicer time. <p /> That old win-win scenario anyone selling something should crave. <p /> Instead I'm sat shivering on my naughty stool. <p /> Luckily though I'm in full view of the chef assembling my takeaway who had confirmed the 5 min time with the manager when I ordered. It was bound to be quick. <p /> I take the opportunity to read a few more pages of Bad Blood on my iPhone while I'm waiting. Pages turn into chapters and finally a chef calls across to me, 'are you the guy waiting for takeaway, sorry I've got it here, it's been ready a while'. <p /> He walks round to bring the food round, very apologetic, but doesn't give me the food because he wants to put it in a bag. No problem, except he then leaves it on the counter with the person manning the till. <br />There is a big queue and I've already paid. <p /> So I walk round pick up the food, have to insist that I have paid to the person on the till and then discover that the chef had done just as he said. Put the food in a bag. <p /> No chopsticks, napkins or condiments. <p /> In the end I get them myself. <p /> By this stage I'm a little cross and the safest course of action for all involved is for me to leave the establishment as quickly as possible. Restricting my fury venting to the aforementioned tweet. <p /> So there you have it. A treat soured through a combination of small-mindedness and ineptitude. <p /> And it was the former, by the manager of all people, that riled me the most.